.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/STANDARD.md, before:


<!-- markdownlint-disable MD041 -->

<!--
Comments such as these can be deleted as sections are completed.
-->

## Issue ticket number and link

<!--
Please provide a link to the issue that this Pull Request references.
-->

## Briefly describe the changes being made

<!--
Feel free to copy from your primary commit message, if appropriate.
-->

## What is the context?

<!--
What rationale was there for this change and what did you learn along the way?
-->

## Describe your test plan

<!--
Testing is critical to this project; how do you know that this change is ready
for production?
-->

## Screenshots (Optional)

<!--
If you have any screenshots, please provide them. This is required for UI
changes prior to review.
-->

## Quality check

- [ ] I have performed a self-review of my code
- [ ] No secrets or other confidential data remains in the codebase or in logging
- [ ] My code is commented (or self-commented) and readable, particularly in complex areas
- [ ] I have tested with purpose, and not to meet coverage targets
- [ ] I have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [ ] The code follows [SOLID](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/conceptual-articles/s-o-l-i-d-the-first-five-principles-of-object-oriented-design) principals
- [ ] There are no exposed debugging messages left in the code
- [ ] My changes generate no new warnings or errors
- [ ] My code follows the [style guidelines](https://github.com/andrewvaughan/template-core/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#code-style) of the project
- [ ] Any dependent changes have been merged and published in downstream modules

## User experience quality check

<!--
Creating an inclusive user experience is critical to this project. If your code
did not adjust any UI, please feel free to state so, here.
-->

- [ ] [Semantic HTML](https://www.w3schools.com/html/html5_semantic_elements.asp) has been used exclusively
- [ ] [Keyboard operability](https://usability.yale.edu/web-accessibility/articles/focus-keyboard-operability) is supported
- [ ] [axe DevTools](https://www.deque.com/axe/) show no **Critical** or **Serious** issues
- [ ] [EqualWeb](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/equalweb-accessibility-ch/imemciokfejbnonkkinhcdfigdilcllg/related) shows no contrast issues

## What GIF best describes how this Pull Requests makes you feel?

<!-- The most important question. -->

> We recommend the *GIFs for GitHub* extension to view GIFs in PRs:
>
> [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gifs-for-github/dkgjnpbipbdaoaadbdhpiokaemhlphep/related?hl=en)
> [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/gifs-for-github/)

Commit message:

Docs: Refined documentation to follow prose standards (closes #35)
Added a ton of changes to various wording and configurations to better control when and how standards are enforced

Adding cleanup changes to display issues to Vale team

Attempting different token pattern for Vale

Updated Vale to fix areas, changed name to Chiberia Projects

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/STANDARD.md, after:

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD041 -->

<!--
Comments such as these can be deleted as sections are completed.
-->

## Issue ticket number and link

<!--
Please provide a link to the issue that this Pull Request references.
-->

## Briefly describe the changes made

<!--
Feel free to copy from your primary commit message, if appropriate.
-->

## What's the context?

<!--
What rationale was there for this change and what did you learn along the way?
-->

## Describe your test plan

<!--
Testing is critical to this project; how do you know that this change is ready
for production?
-->

## Screenshots

<!--
If you have any screenshots, please provide them. This is required for UI
changes prior to review.
-->

## Quality checks

- [ ] You performed a self-review of the code
- [ ] No secrets or other confidential data remains in the codebase or in logging
- [ ] You have commented your code and is otherwise readable, particularly in complex areas
- [ ] You have tested with purpose, and not just to meet coverage targets
- [ ] You have made corresponding changes to the documentation
- [ ] The code follows [SOLID](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/conceptual-articles/s-o-l-i-d-the-first-five-principles-of-object-oriented-design) principals
- [ ] There are no exposed debugging messages left in the code
- [ ] Your changes generate no new warnings or errors
- [ ] Your code follows the project's [style guidelines](https://github.com/andrewvaughan/template-core/blob/main/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#code-style)
- [ ] You have merged and published any dependent changes to downstream modules

## User experience quality checks

<!--
Creating an inclusive user experience is critical to this project. If your code
did not adjust any UI, please feel free to state so, here.
-->

- [ ] All HTML elements are [Semantic](https://www.w3schools.com/html/html5_semantic_elements.asp)
- [ ] Features include [keyboard operability](https://usability.yale.edu/web-accessibility/articles/focus-keyboard-operability)
- [ ] [axe DevTools](https://www.deque.com/axe/) show no **Critical** or **Serious** problems
- [ ] [EqualWeb](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/equalweb-accessibility-ch/imemciokfejbnonkkinhcdfigdilcllg/related) shows no contrast problems

## What animated GIF best describes how this Pull Request makes you feel?

<!-- This is a critical question -->

> These addons are recommend to view GIFs in Pull Requests:
>
> - [Chrome](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/gifs-for-github/dkgjnpbipbdaoaadbdhpiokaemhlphep/related?hl=en)
> - [Firefox](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/gifs-for-github/)
